[Music]
nine tricks to be the most charming
person in the room
[Music]
have you ever noticed that some people
could easily gain the trust of everyone
and create a positive image of
themselves
Jeff Haven one of the most influential
people on LinkedIn and the author of
almost 30 business and communication
books explained how they do it it turns
out they know some simple secrets and
today you have a chance to discover them
all here are 9 essential characteristics
that make any person look more confident
and charming number 9 they're not afraid
to lose charming people don't try to win
at everything on the contrary their aim
is to give more without expecting
anything in return for them it's not
difficult to admit their mistakes
failures or talk about their weaknesses
and it's something that not everyone can
do they can openly say I'm jealous of
you or I can't do that
show me how because they know people
appreciate honesty and real emotions
number 8 they show they're glad to meet
you
[Music]
maintaining eye contact is important in
a conversation and people who have
charisma know this for sure they smile
when you smile they frown or nod when
you do however they don't just try to
repeat everything after you they are
focused on what you're saying and listen
to you carefully paying attention to all
your emotions and words such feedback
helps you find common ground with anyone
and gain the trust of the person you're
interacting with
number seven they look for mutual
understanding
most people unconsciously look for
contradictions and disagreements which
can lead to a dispute rather than a
conversation
charismatic people always seek common
ground with everybody so to become more
attractive to others just try to find
something in common with them this trick
will help you start an interesting
conversation and create a positive
impression
number six they use the power of touch
a touch is a powerful tool that helps
people understand their emotions better
in a recent experiment scientists tried
to express 12 emotions by touching their
interlocked euler's without words in 50
to 83 percent of the cases these
feelings were expressed correctly
therefore when you want to congratulate
someone first think how you could do it
better expressing your feelings depends
on the situation you could either shake
hands or Pat someone on the back this
will help you show how sincere your
words are express the right feelings and
gain the trust of others
number five they know how to use facial
expressions and gestures charming people
express their feelings incredibly well
and accurately they can turn even the
most boring story into an enthralling
conversation by gesturing and using
expressive faces when it's appropriate
of course they show the right mood for
their
you
they're not afraid to look silly maybe
ice skating or twister is not their
strong point but they're not afraid to
be awkward curiously enough people
respect them even more because of this
if you're not shy to show your
weaknesses and not afraid to look silly
people won't laugh at you they laugh
with you everybody understands that all
of this is fine we all make mistakes
number three they're good at asking
questions charming people can make you
talk about yourself easily they don't
hesitate to ask questions and talk
openly about themselves as well these
people genuinely want to know what
you're thinking and this makes them
trustworthy as soon as you find out
something about a person just ask them
more questions and tell them some
similar things about yourself they will
understand you have something in common
and that might be an interesting topic
for conversation
number two they always remember names
brandy had the chanting Brianna amber
Sabrina melody Dakota Sierra baby
crystal Samantha autumn Ruby tale it's
how it's hammy Lauren shelling
charismatic people always remember names
and other small details about others
very accurately when someone remembers
your name when you've known each other
for a short while or when you've only
met once it makes you feel more
important in the conversation call the
person by name and remember the names of
their friends relatives and even their
pets it's one of the easiest ways to
make the person think only positively of
you
number one they listen more and talk
less most people can't listen at all but
they love talking about themselves
everybody wants to share their own news
however let's admit it's a nice feeling
when you tell a story and notice
everyone is listening to you carefully
and reacting emotionally charming people
know how to listen and they love
listening more than talking that's how
they learn more interesting details
about a person and find something in
common so the next time you're talking
with someone try to listen to their
problems and understand their needs and
if you manage to do so they will never
forget you do you agree with these
points is it easy for you to find a
common language with others share your
thoughts in the comments below don't
forget to hit the like button and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
you